I believe Chris Paul especially after
going to his camp and yeah I mean I
talked to him all season long and try to
pick his brain and see some of the
things that I can look forward to my
future in this past season and some ways
I can make my game better and Damian
Lillard also met him real cool so I just
try to pick their brains and see what I
can add to my game and hopefully one day
turn and be a better player than in both
target to him Texan called him occasion
and when he wasn't too busy and he if he
was busy he always hit me back and like
I said he's like a bigger brother to me
and just tried to pick his brain as a
great mentor on the court in off
well Friday I interview with the Detroit
Pistons the Lakers and and go to state
warriors
yesterday was the Sacramento Kings
Houston Rockets Leonard Hawks the Spurs
the Pacers and Paris Portland I believe
I'll meet with them today I said what
kind of player were you not in high
school what kind of what were you in
high school what kind of player was I I
believe I was a was a great high school
player
I wasn't highly recruited out of high
school but Opportunity Murray State gave
me I took it and made the best of it and
we won a state championship my senior
year a lot of the SEC schools try to try
to give me the D commit but I looked at
it as they didn't believe in me early in
emerge they did so I held my lord C to
tumor state and wanted to go try to make
a name for myself were you disappointed
not to make the NCAA tournament what was
that like how the conference tournament
the season ended for you I was I was
very disappointed because I we had
worked so hard and went through a lot of
things this past season heels and
valleys to try to get to the NC double-a
tournament it and it come so short it
was it was heartbroken but I never held
my head everything happens for a reason
and I'm blessed to be in this position
that I am now to chase my dreams and
hopefully come June 27 I give all the
praises to God and everybody that that
surrounded me and helped me through
through the process how important is it
for you to get drafted really high as
for me as a competitor is very important
because I believe I can compete with the
with the best of them and I believe I
can I can I can go anywhere so I'm just
trying to do everything that I can
I'm working my tail off every day and
training and and every opportunity that
I'm giving them trying to make the best
of it